#summary Voltron is a Library for drawing volumes in processing.

= Introduction =

Voltron is a processing library for drawing volumes in processing.  It was developed as part of a module in Basic Techniques for the MRes in Digital Media at Culture Lab Newcastle


= Details =

The library is packaged with source if you want to check it over and tell me how to make it better.  It also has a few examples.  Just put it in the libraries folder in your sketches folder for processing and import at the top of the sketch.

When importing it might import a lot of libraries - needs fixing!
It will still work with just:
import NewcasteDigitalMedia.dataprole.voltron.*;

I have found some great data sets here:
[http://www.gris.uni-tuebingen.de/edu/areas/scivis/volren/datasets/datasets.html gris.uni-tuebingen.de]
The library should load headerless '.img' such as the ones in the examples and '.raw.gz' as found at the link above
This is the first library I have ever written - so expect there to be plenty to fix, i look forward to contributions and suggestions!

= Additions? =

Feel free to edit this with changes etc. you might think it needs.

  * dynamic removal of points from the array without deleting the whole thing?
  * plot only a small section of the array - simlar to section but aimed at plotting sequences not slices (I have started this)
  * plotting small section as above and dynamically altering the range (this is proving hard and is giving an error)

= Known Issues =

  * Invalid memory access error when scrubbing through array - probably needs some exception structure to stop it crashing when you do this.




= Change Log =